This started out as an exploration of just media keys, but I need to make some sense of my global key situation

categories:
  input
    launch unicode entry program (the-unicoder!)
    mouse keys of some sort?  Controlling the cursor with the keyboard is somewhat awful, but in a pinch I would like to be able to do it.
  media actions -- some global, some local
    !! some of these I will sometimes want to perform for a remote machine (eg media server) instead of local
    volume up
    volume down
    toggle mute
  
    toggle pause/play
    pause?
    play?
    stop?
    next song/scene
    prev song/scene
    rewind a little
    fast forward a little
  zoom -- local, but I want these to be the same in everything preferably.
    zoom in
    zoom out
    zoom 100%
    zoom full
  notifications -- global
    clear specific notification -- maybe I need a notification window that I can open and control...
      - probably I want an easy key to clear (both hide the pop-up and clear from any outstanding notifications list) the latest notification, so I can dismiss simple reminders without more thought.
    clear all notifications -- or maybe just hide pop-ups for them?
    recall old notifications
    do something about notification
      - eg. open chat window, etc.  Right now I open the latest thread in Gajim with hyper+g...
  state -- I am increasingly leaning toward keeping some sort of store of state for various things I do and having convenient ways to switch the state at a global level.
    change global UI state -- set which app should receive media commands, which machine should get volume commands, dark/light theme globally, etc.  
    display state stuff somehow
  


media issues:
  sometimes I want to control these options on the local machine, sometimes another machine (IE media computer)
  what I want to pause/play may be various different programs -- mpd, vlc, kodi...


  So some of these can have in-app keystrokes, but generally I want more or less global keys for some of them.
  I might have shell keystrokes for them, then I solve the "which machine" problem and I assume I'll have an ssh shell open for any machine I care about affecting
  I might have a keybinding for local volume, and another binding for "alternate", and just hope I never have reason to have more than one alternate configured.


perhaps I should have some sort of state file that says which machine and app I'm controlling (eg. MPD on localhost vs MPD on media-box vs VLC on localhost...), and have a convenience program to set machine/app easily?  Then I could just have one keyset for controlling, and just switch the state.


