So many programs have windowing functions!  But they all have different keys and paradaigms!

This file represents my efforts to find a set of keys to unify my windowing experience.
I find that windowing systems often have levels.  For my purposes I will assume that generally there are up to three (I can see myself adding keys for a fourth level some day).  Taking a window manager as the main example, L1 is the window level (smallest -- commands here are things like focus next window, move window into next position...), L2 is workspace/tag/whatever, that you can swap the whole screen out for another, and L3 is the monitor level -- although with larger monitors it may be convenient to define monitor splits that act as a top level.  With tmux the levels are panes, windows, and sessions.
I may change all of these at some point to fit a larger unifying scheme of keyboard shortcuts, but this is what I have for now.

Second level functions will be accessed... somehow, depending on the exact program.  Maybe adding shift for the window manager, or just another key preceding whatever.
-- I've been using this for some time with great success using the following keys to access things:

Window manager: hold Super key, also add Alt for second level.
tmux: prefix with Control+t, add shift to letter to get second level.
vim/emacs with evil: `th` in command mode prefixes window commands.

Key Function
j/k  L1 focus next/prev
(2) L1 move
w/b  L2 focus
(2) L2 move
n/p  L3 focus
(2) L3 move
a/o/i - pull/send by name, goto by name for L1-3 -- these I'm not sure how I want to do yet, because support for these types of operations are often so spotty, and I'm not sure of my ideal way to do it yet.  They are more useful for L1 and L2.  As a note from the far future from when I started this, I never actually use these...
a   L1 pull by name
(2) L1 push to named L2
i   L2 goto by name
h/l  L1 quick resize (a more thorough resize should be in some sort of mode... though set layouts would be more efficient)
(2) maybe the secondary function can resize L3, supposing large enough monitors for virtual L3 splits
f   maximize (fullscreen)
(2) float mode, or maybe a key to a secondary command for toggling float state locally or globally, or other layout concerns
spc tile -- window manager layout concern... maybe this one will be more general later
g   (generate) new L2 - ex new workspace, new tmux window...
(2) kill L2 (genocide?)
s/v  L1 split (horizontal and vertical) -- new L1
:-  run command (both : and - for now...)
c   close (akin to control-C)
r   run (for window manager, a run prompt (bashrun!), though if my WM later supports choosing what kind of split I do, maybe rv/rs will do that
q   lock screen
(2) quit - kill window manager
ret launch terminal in window manager -- this makes a new L1 object, so this should be merged with s/v... but for now I'm used to ret.
t   reserved for possible extended commands/secondary level

m   mode - if I'm in a window mode, get out of it
e   same as m - I can see myself moving to going modal by default, so I want a home row escape key


unused - d,z,u,tab,bspc,x,y...

